hey it's Hannah Anna Baker gonna just
your whatever device you're hearing this
on its me live and in stereo no return
engagements new encore
and this time absolutely no requests a
snack settle in because I'm about to
tell you the story of my life more
specifically why my life ended
I'm not saying which tape brings you
into the story but fear not if you
receive this lovely little box your name
will pop C in case you're tempted to
break the rules understand I did make a
copy of these tapes and I left them with
a trusted individual who if this package
doesn't make it through all of you will
release those copies in a very public
manner and where I met Justin Foley the
subject of our first tape
and that's how that happened we kissed
pictures worth a thousand words oh yeah
we're sending that [ __ ] around no no
right under memory that I hoped we can
special yes in fact it ruins just about
everything two became three and like
before you know it your best friends or
so I thought
[Music]
is it you and Alex now no course not
he likes you you like him I'm the one
who's out Alex did this on his own he
just broke up with me on his own because
that's what the [ __ ] do [ __ ] you Alex
stand off he caused the hurricane it's
your turn this lawsuit could cost the
district tens of thousands hundreds and
that's if we win we're already getting
calls from the media at first I thought
what a stupid list jessica is so much
prettier than me you've never been a
girl
did you put Hannah and Jessica on that
list you didn't know that let you you
saw it and it did piss Jessica off but
not at me I'd hand up there you go for
what it's worth that list got it right
you made it open season on Hanna Baker
I had a stalker and if you've made it to
a four your outside his window so tell
me when did it start how long were you
watching me Tyler
and while Courtin clearly didn't hear my
stalker I did I - Tyler this morning he
told me you got rid of although he lied
I know a fine piece when I see one or
two so it's like a thing now did you
guys come here together your girlfriend
from the picture Laura yeah I hear you
too like a guy that's when you know Nana
would you hear that from Courtney says
you asked her for a three-way I want to
be a friend Courtney are you been a
friend to you and this thing that you're
so scared for people to know about you
doesn't matter to me she thought you
were a friend and you sent one more
[ __ ] in her direction just to cover
the fact that you're gay that's not my
firm was hired today by the school to
defend them in the lawsuit that the
bakers are right why is Marcus Cole
calling me no wait it's Dollar Valentine
and again you were funny Marcus
what are you doing wait nothing
get off me still want to believe there
are good guys in the world
[Music]
well welcome to your tape sack the day
after you insulted me in the cafeteria
my compliment bag was empty
maybe I should have let it go but I
didn't I wrote you a letter I poured my
heart out open you'd realize how much I
needed those silly things you were
stealing from me I guess I wasn't even
worth a reaction norm I didn't know what
you got in your bag last year the one
about not feeling anything anymore
it was from Hannah
until I saw you you were the only other
high school kid in the room Ryan shaver
Liberty High's resident intellectual
your pain your pain is important to
other people
I realize now I was desperate for
someone to listen and he listened and
then he turned around and made my most
private thoughts a public spectacle
where you wrote you can't teach that you
have to live it well it's my life Ryan
it's not yours
get your own now Justin you'd been with
the same girl all night but I'm not
gonna call her out my name
I had to do something I had to make him
stop
what's mine is yours right
but I saw his face I recognized his
voice as clear as day
sherry this one's for you we need to
call someone about the stops no you know
we got to go my dad will kill me if he
finds out I was the first person to get
there oh yeah I was walking home - oh my
god
can you hear me wait hold on hold on I
don't think he was drunk you know he
told me he wasn't and I believed him and
it's all about you
clay I wanted you to do everything you
were doing
so I don't know why my mind took me
everywhere else just stop okay no just
don't and I'm so sorry
leave me alone just leave me alone clay
helmet your name does not belong on this
list but you need to be here if I'm
going to tell my story I would have
ruined you it wasn't you it was me why
the [ __ ] are you here with Bryce why do
you care tell me because he [ __ ]
ripped you got a copy of his list
tonight number of your classmates are on
it
so were you well I I better get going my
parents are probably like he's a very
special girl we had a thing off and on
you raped her here right out there a
week before she [ __ ] slit her wrists
and died at home they raped her came to
my party she wanted me
she's practically begging me [ __ ]
that's great never drilled this school
was great and in that moment it felt
like it felt like I was already dead did
you rape Hannah Baker you want to call
it rape call it rape
same difference 20 40 BP 90 over 60 and
you [ __ ] confessed
Hannah Baker came to see you the day she
died did you tell him to stop no did you
tell him no no he promised me that he'll
go to jail and that I won't ever have to
see his face again that I won't have to
face him I can't promise you that here
she walked out of his office and she
hoped he would come after her but you
didn't before she died and I recorded
3rd 2008 over there number 13
and everyone who comes before you on
this tape knows what you did and didn't
do their 14 audio files on that you
should listen to them in order there are
tapes Hannah recorded tapes she talked
about what happened to her
Alex stand all shot himself in the head
last night he's in critical condition of
mercy
hey it's Hannah Anna Baker
[Music]
you